sup guys are go 2 3 4 5 1 and last week
my friend actually sent this as he is
unnamed from overclocked on net and
appreciate it
this right here is PT nuke it is for
distilled water loops and this is all
you need you don't need to add dyes you
don't need to add additives or
anti-corrosion crafts this is all you
need is PT nuke for your distilled water
loop and you're good be like 1 or 2
drops or 4 drops for every 1 liter of
coolant I mean is like a course do not
put your eyes eat and all that crap
alright next is a I got much skin
redline enhanced frostbite memory
timings is 6 8 6 24 and I got not just 6
but I just went up and Dan T and I got
12 gigs going with the red black theme
with my board right got to go all out
also you can get a mail-in rebate it's
$25 but you only could do one of them
you can into 2 thought I could do too
but just one oh well it's all good
alright next deal if anybody has a
stinger water block like so this is a
stinger v6 water block I won this from
unnamed well I named won it and then he
gave it to me free which was awesome
but now I'm getting to the process of
slowly finishing my fiancees build I
just need to know like what's the proper
way to use these though deals right here
with the washers and nuts I just want to
make sure I'm doing it right and all
that good stuff but I guess comment
subscribe rate this video and have a
great day peace